We can't use magic!
What?
It's true...
What's going on?
Something's coming.
Get back!
What is that?
Huh...?! No resistance...?
This many of them?!
It's still no good.
Ow!
Ms. Kinera!
Are you okay?
I am. thank you.
You used magic just now.
But it wasn't fully formed.
Something near the school building
seems to be canceling it out.
I would say those shadow wolves
have something to do with it.
I can't believe this is happening
right at the time the principal is away.
What are we going to do?
Normally. she'd just turn up on her own...
Could you two please protect
the students in the dormitory.
You and I will stay here
and stop the monsters from getting in.
Okay.
I'll go into the school with Master Beryl
to find out what's causing this.
Only Ficelle and I
have the skills to fight in there...
Guess we have no choice. then.
EPISODE 3
The Old Country Bumpkin
Sees Himself in an Old Man.
They're everywhere in here!
No time to rest. huh.
It's okay. Ms. Kinera is out there.
They're all coming
from the same direction.
Over there. huh?
Only senior institute staff
can go beyond this door.
I think it leads underground.
Let's go.
- Okay.
Just how many of them are there?!
Let's just focus on
holding things here for now.
That's insane...
Will the teachers be okay?
So this is where all of you are.
What on earth's going on?
There's no need to worry.
But whatever you do. don't go outside.
Is everything really okay?
What is that thing?!
- A monster!
What's it doing here?!
My presents...
Let's take it down.
- What?!
If it heads for the dorms.
all hell will break loose.
That's true. but...
It's too dangerous.
I can't do it alone.
But with the five of us...
Let's do it!
But how are we going to take it down?
Master. there!
What is this place?
It might be Commander Lucy's laboratory.
So this is where
she develops her magic?
Vice Principal Brown?
Oh. it's you two.
What happened?
That damn principal...
She was hiding something unthinkable.
There was a powerful seal
on that room there.
If there was a secret behind
her eternal youth. it had to be here...
That's what I thought.
Eternal youth...
I spent years researching
how to break the seal. but I couldn't.
So I had to create a magical accessory
that cancels all magic indiscriminately.
But there was no such secret after all.
And then the monsters emerged.
That's why we couldn't use magic.
Where's the magical accessory?
In the classroom
on the first floor. directly above us.
Master. I'll handle the magical accessory.
What's wrong?
Leave him to me. too.
I'll take him to
the healing magic teacher.
Thanks.
Can you stand?
If I were younger
and a more powerful wizard.
I wouldn't lose to monsters like that!
The fear of growing old...
You two just wouldn't understand.
This is...
These knives are short. but we can
probably use sword magic with them.
It's worth a try!
This is what we've been studying for!
So I guess this won't end
until I take this thing down...
That helps. If it's chained up.
it shouldn't be able to go berserk... huh?
Hey. hey. cut it out!
The boss monster's tough.
If it's unleashed...
Mewi and the others are upstairs!
It's got flying projectiles too?!
Things just got messy here...
Haah!
Yah!
Hrgh!
Hah!
We can't do it like Miss Ficelle.
What are we gonna do. then?
I've got an idea.
Sorry for the wait. Master.
Thanks for that.
How's the vice principal?
He's okay.
I destroyed the magical accessory too.
Be careful!
It looks strong...
Master. I'm going to fortify my magic
so I can take it down with one strike.
Can you cover me while I do?
Got it.
What does she mean. "fortify"?
I don't really get it. but anyway...
Over here!
Now!
We did it.
She's still not done?
Hurry up. would you. Ficelle!
That was close!
Focus.
Guess I'm getting old too.
Master!
Secret Blade...
Curtana!
What's that?
It's giving me a bad feeling.
What's happening?
It's trying to re-form.
It... split...
The bad feeling is gone.
You did great.
But still. "Secret Blade"?
The commander named it. not me.
But you said it.
so that means you like it.
Yeah...
Then there's no problem.
I think "Secret Blade" is cool.
Ow. ow. ow. that hurts. Ficelle!
For an old guy like me. "secret blade"
would be too embarrassing to say.
Your plan was a great success. Mewi.
I can't believe
you came up with using the tablecloth.
My magic flame dies out quickly.
But once I light something with it.
it keeps burning.
Throwing knives directly
is also an option.
Miss Ficelle said we should use
whatever we could in a fight.
Mewi. thanks for helping me out earlier
when things got dangerous.
Yeah. well... we're friends.
I'm kinda hungry.
- Me too!
You just ate!
Moving around like that makes you hungry!
We worked hard. after all.
Just a bit more.
and we can clean all this up.
One. two...
Your right hand goes here.
and your left hand. here.
That's better.
You catch on quickly.
One. two...
Fice has changed.
Yeah. So have Mewi and the others.
The class is a big hit too.
Ficelle's actions in what happened
caused quite a stir.
Still. you really had your work
cut out for you this time. Beryl.
Yeah. I really gave it my all.
You were away on business. after all.
So what was that thing down there?
Lono Ambrosia. A named monster.
I hid it down there to seal it away.
and for research.
I really wish
you wouldn't hide things like that.
I didn't have much choice.
Even I can't destroy its core.
Huh?!
- What?
Well...
- If you've got something to say. say it.
The core...
You mean this?
What?! You split it in two?
You really are amazing.
No. what's amazing...
is this.
How's Vice Principal Brown?
Thanks to healing magic. he's recovering.
Of course.
he can't just be let off scot-free.
I figured as much...
Thinking he could surpass me
with the secret of eternal youth...
That upstart.
What matters is striving to improve
through mutual effort and sincerity.
He used to do that.
That's why he stood beside me as one of
the two pillars of the Magic Corps.
The fear of growing old...
You two just wouldn't understand.
No. I do understand.
One day. I'll lay down my sword.
And when that day comes. I...
It's hard to take the last morsel
from a shared platter.
But I want to be the kind of brave old guy
who dares to eat it anyway.
Next time: "The Old Country Bumpkin
Returns Home."
SUBTITLES BY: MARDI MIYAKE